Update A7b1 - Recording pre-solve penalties (#1169)
thewca/wca-regulations: wca-regulations.md

    - A7a) The judge tells the competitor the result.
        - A7a1) The judge should indicate to the competitor that the puzzle is solved, or that a penalty will be applied.
    - A7b) The judge records the result on a score sheet and signs next to the result to acknowledge that the result is correct, complete, properly formatted, and clearly readable.

>         - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties during the attempt, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65). If X is 0, the 0 term is omitted (e.g. 17.65).

Author: ```suggestion
        - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties during the attempt, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65).
```
@xsrvmy You are definitely right about that - this case is already covered by A7b :)

>         - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties during the attempt, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65). If X is 0, the 0 term is omitted (e.g. 17.65 + 2 = 19.65).

Author: ```suggestion
        - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties during the attempt, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65). If X is 0, the 0 term is omitted (e.g. 17.65).
```

>         - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties before/during/after the solve, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65). If X is 0, the 0 term is omitted (e.g. 17.65 + 2 = 19.65).

Author: ```suggestion
        - A7b1) If penalties are assigned, the judge records the original recorded time displayed on the timer, along with any penalties. The format should be "T + X = F", where T represents the time displayed on the timer (the "original recorded time"), X represents a sum of time penalties during the attempt, and F represents the final result (e.g. 17.65 + 4 = 21.65). If X is 0, the 0 term is omitted (e.g. 17.65 + 2 = 19.65).
```
